Christophe believes that beauty should
be simple and a simplified beauty
regimen always starts in the salon with
the right haircut the right hair color
and the right beauty products you can
enhance your natural beauty and speed up
your daily beauty routine hi we're very
excited to bring you today the
first-ever crystal salon makeover our
model today is Angeline and she's a
recent college graduate she's very
excited to have a fresh new look to take
her into the next chapter of her life
our stylist today is Pauline Carter mark
hi Pauline hi Jeff and Pauline you're
going to be doing the cut and style
today what type of hair texture do you
feel that Angeline has Angeline has
fantastic hair not only sits thick and
full and really healthy but it's also
has a really beautiful natural wave to
it okay great and what cut are you
envisioning for Angela
well since Angelina's a low maintenance
girl I want to give her a cut that she
necessarily doesn't have to style every
time she washes it not gonna have to
force it into shape with a Russian blow
dryer no mixer so I'm going to cut a
really fun edgy shape into a with a
light 70s feel it's going to have a lot
of disconnected layers and a lot of fun
texture
you
so Angeline how do you like your cut I
love it it feels so much lighter and I
look more like a grown-up next week
watch as we enhance Pauline's cut with
some fresh low-maintenance hair color
because beauty should be simple